
The un security council is convening this hour to discuss the increasingly direct conflict between israel and the palestinians. 
Hamar spine more than 120 what is so good night according to the israeli air force and israeli airstrike killed at least 43 palestinian soap on sunday. 
According to the girls i have ministry. 
Power star new official site in total at least two 188 people in gaza. 
21 in the west bank have died in the conflict. 
Many of the dead have been women in trouble. 
Ishwar reports admin standard including two showroom. 
Meanwhile on the diplomatic front president bangkok run into the vials when his books are available to israeli prime minister bibi netanyahu and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas. 
Best kettle latest on the ground from cnn great nick robinson who joins us live. 
A student's is really siri just north of the gaza strip. 
Welcome to win when people share the numbers you know that the disproportion in terms of casualties about 20 palestinians for every israeli who died about the same number is injured. 
I'm just like that on the ground. 
I think when you are outside of girls this is an entirely different sense of the word maintain to usse then if your inside dolphin dance. 
Photo edit it is a smooth and israel defence forces say that the in the hammock. 
Some ways of resham equipment people material in amongst the civilian population where is really government makes the point of saying that they are defending the inside eye. 
Intend israeli citizens kills sulphur and there is there is numbers speak to the level of trafficking 8888 how to draw confusion. 
That makes sense and just promise about the situation people tried it is completely filled with the affair with you whether you're sitting on this side or the other side. 
The disproportionality is what in the cast is port international pressure on israel the back of the try to find a peaceful solution. 
This time what seems different in you tell me if i'm wrong naked. 
You are beginning to see crashes. 
Within israel. 
Within is a proper among israeli arabs and israeli jews. 
On a scale set me that i don't recall having seen the phone. 
Recession and intensity that the request and hashcode everyone by surprise i i think the other thing about this time this particular completes the speed with which it happened that the message number for consider when fired and relatively short space of time with the idea that the situation and the speed with which the activation has come and the consequences and the weather is played out on the streets in instagram in mixed cities and towns in is something that really speaks systems syria significant on the line tensions that coming to the surface in the way that i have done in the horse. 
Give you a signal on here with this week and last night have signalled that they would not hit no fireworks at even the most productive and between 10 p.m. and midnight android after midnight on friday is work it with the signal that their ability to. 
Cost benefit you would check it. 
On the israeli side the signal is the highest hill cypher in closer signals that there is still a large number of targets. 
Israeli defence forces one head. 
The house of the leader of hamas message why that it struck today weapons o sahar misuses. 
Anything really perspective it seems is mostly return from. 
Then achieve. 
Nicu covered this conflict for long time you covered others like yugoslavia. 
When you look at this. 
Does it feel to you that. 
Display are you hopeful that we're moving toward a ceasefire or it does what strike us. 
This time is different this seems to be the direction of internal tension. 
You know that quickly give us your wrong you wrong that feeling about all this. 
My craft ideas that there is it possible that this lightweight united nations. 
Will the conflict remains an oversight in the direction of travel is the version that they set out to this end and a few well to really get to the britishers and i were an apple and at the end and find a long-lasting durability solution. 
Like we just need a temporary band that i can. 